doc: clarify when not to run CI on docs (#33101)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/collaborator-guide.md

on [project CI server](https://ci.nodejs.org/). Pull requests that only change
documentation and comments can use GitHub Actions results.

> Do not land any pull requests without passing (green or yellow) CI runs (except
> for documentation-only changes, with green GitHub actions is enough). If there
> are CI failures unrelated to the change in the pull request, try "Resume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not land any pull requests without a passing (green or yellow) CI run.
For documentation-only changes, GitHub Actions CI is sufficient.
For all other code changes, Jenkins CI must pass as well. If there
are Jenkins CI failures unrelated to the change in the pull request, try "Resume
```

Author: Thank you Rich!
